Oh, really, I can't escape Bessipiff here
So many times and so long
That's your problem. You should have memorized it months ago.
Can you memorize it?
Better than you anyway
Old Su, do you know how miserable you made me tortured by the Chinese teacher?
You are a typical person. Can't you blame me?
That's a lot of words.
It's still difficult to memorize by rote, of course it's difficult
But I have an idea.
Will remember soon
Ziliang
You are amazing
Hmph, you are pretty amazing too
Make all these boys circle around you
What's your secret?
You might as well teach it
What do you mean?
It's boring, isn't it obvious?
There is ambiguity before and then there is Xu Ziliang
Now the little sister is turning to you
What school flower?
I think it's a courtesan, right?
Jealousy, you want to be a courtesan, but you can't be
What Muse?
I think it's a tea art Muse, right?
You didn't open your mouth yourself?
Let someone help you everywhere
What did you ask him to say?
Does a dog bite have to bite you back?
You call me a dog.
Who opened their mouth to scold who
You don't like an outing. No one invited you.
I don't know what I did wrong to let you do this to me
Since you don't welcome me, I'll just go
I go to this woman
Don't you guys like to eat meat?
Brother Xi, I'm leaving first, you don't have to send me, I'm not going to send you.